Doc/kb 55142/add herotodo (#37)
wiris/moodle-tiny_wiris: docs/environment/README.md

# Environment

This project can be run in two different environments. To run in a development environment, follow the instructions in the [development](#development) section of this very document. If what you need are instructions about how to use it in a production environment, please head to the [usage documentation](../usage/README.md#production).

## Requirements

> To use the TinyMCE editor's MathType and ChemType plugins for editing and generating mathematical expressions, you need to have a environment for a Moodle instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the MathType for TinyMCE editor's MathType and ChemType toolbar buttons for editing and generating mathematical expressions, you need to have a environment for a Moodle instance:
```

There is a clean environment Docker provided by the official Moodle team:

- https://github.com/moodlehq/moodle-docker

With the previous environment, you also need [MathType Moodle filter plugin](https://github.com/wiris/moodle-filter_wiris) installed in order to use this plugin.

Otherwise, you can use the one created by WIRIS. It helps you install a Moodle instance on your computer with the WIRIS plugins suite installed and some dummy content.

> - https://github.com/wiris/wiris-moodle-docker

Reviewer: No sé si queremos promocionar que la gente use ese repositorio. Si bien es público, ahora mismo no está pensado para que sea usado y leído por gente fuera de la empresa. Además de que hay bugs en el install y start que nosotros sabemos como torear pero otros no.

Author: Lo borro de ahí!

## Development

### Install MathType Moodle plugin for TinyMCE

Install the plugin like any other plugin in the folder `lib/editor/tiny/plugins/wiris`.

You can use git:

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/wiris/moodle-tiny_wiris.git lib/editor/tiny/plugins/wiris
```

Alternatively, you can [download the plugin](https://github.com/wiris/moodle-tiny_wiris/archive/main.zip) and unzip the file into previous folder, then rename the new folder to `wiris`.

## Dependencies of MathType Moodle plugin for TinyMCE

> This project contains the following external dependencies:
> 
> * MathType Web Integration JavaScript SDK.
> * MathType Web Integration PHP library.
> 
> The **MathType Web Integration JavaScript SDK** is open source ([@wiris/html-integrations](https://github.com/wiris/html-integrations)) and is released under GNU GPLv3 license as a npm package: [@wiris/mathtype-html-integration-devkit](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@wiris/mathtype-html-integration-devkit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains the following external dependency:

* MathType Web Integration for TinyMCE.

The **MathType Web Integration for TinyMCE** is open source ([@wiris/html-integrations](https://github.com/wiris/html-integrations/packages/tinymce6)) and is released under GNU GPLv3 license as a npm package: [@wiris/mathtype-tinymce6](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@wiris/mathtype-tinymce6).
```
